****************************************
Report : analysis_coverage
	-status_details {untested}
	-sort_by slack
Design : Top
Version: V-2023.12-SP4-VAL-20240710
Date   : Mon Sep  1 22:44:54 2025
****************************************

Type of Check         Total              Met         Violated         Untested
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
setup                 24368      8205 ( 34%)         0 (  0%)     16163 ( 66%)
hold                  24368      8202 ( 34%)         0 (  0%)     16166 ( 66%)
recovery               8304      2160 ( 26%)         0 (  0%)      6144 ( 74%)
removal                8304         0 (  0%)         0 (  0%)      8304 (100%)
min_pulse_width       24912     16608 ( 67%)         0 (  0%)      8304 ( 33%)
out_setup              5120      4794 ( 94%)         0 (  0%)       326 (  6%)
out_hold               5120         0 (  0%)         0 (  0%)      5120 (100%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All Checks           100496     39969 ( 40%)         0 (  0%)     60527 ( 60%)


Constrained                  Related             Check
Pin                          Pin       Clock     Type         Slack  Reason
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
seq2_out[335]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[335]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[334]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[334]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[333]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[333]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[332]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[332]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[331]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[331]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[330]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[330]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[329]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[329]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[328]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[328]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[327]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[327]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[326]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[326]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[325]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[325]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[324]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[324]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[323]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[323]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[322]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[322]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[321]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[321]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[320]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[320]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[319]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[319]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[318]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths

pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_57_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_57_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_57_/SETB(low)
                             -         -         min_pulse_width
                                                           untested  no_clock
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_57_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      recovery  untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_57_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      removal   untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_45_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_45_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_45_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_45_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_45_/SETB(low)
                             -         -         min_pulse_width
                                                           untested  no_clock
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_45_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      recovery  untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_45_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      removal   untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_44_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_44_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_44_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_44_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_44_/SETB(low)
                             -         -         min_pulse_width
                                                           untested  no_clock
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_44_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      recovery  untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage2_reg_44_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      removal   untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_8__u_mult/stage2_reg_63_/D

