****************************************
Report : analysis_coverage
	-status_details {untested}
	-sort_by slack
Design : Top
Version: V-2023.12-SP4-VAL-20240710
Date   : Mon Sep  1 22:35:53 2025
****************************************

Type of Check         Total              Met         Violated         Untested
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
setup                 24368      8205 ( 34%)         0 (  0%)     16163 ( 66%)
hold                  24368      8202 ( 34%)         0 (  0%)     16166 ( 66%)
recovery               8304      2160 ( 26%)         0 (  0%)      6144 ( 74%)
removal                8304         0 (  0%)         0 (  0%)      8304 (100%)
min_pulse_width       24912     16608 ( 67%)         0 (  0%)      8304 ( 33%)
out_setup              5120      4794 ( 94%)         0 (  0%)       326 (  6%)
out_hold               5120         0 (  0%)         0 (  0%)      5120 (100%)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
All Checks           100496     39969 ( 40%)         0 (  0%)     60527 ( 60%)


Constrained                  Related             Check
Pin                          Pin       Clock     Type         Slack  Reason
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
seq2_out[335]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[335]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[334]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[334]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[333]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[333]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[332]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[332]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[331]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[331]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[330]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[330]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[329]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[329]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[328]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[328]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[327]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[327]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[326]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[326]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[325]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[325]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[324]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[324]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[323]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[323]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[322]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[322]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[321]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[321]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[320]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[320]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[319]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[319]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[318]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[318]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[317]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[317]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[316]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[316]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[315]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[315]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[314]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[314]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[313]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[313]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[312]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[312]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[305]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[305]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[271]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[271]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[270]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[270]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[269]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[269]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[268]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[268]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[267]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[267]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[266]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[266]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[265]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[265]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[264]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[264]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[263]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[263]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[262]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[262]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[259]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[259]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[258]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[258]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[257]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[257]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[256]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[256]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[255]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[255]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[254]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[254]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[253]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[253]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[252]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[252]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[251]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[251]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[250]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[250]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[249]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[249]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[248]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[248]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[247]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[247]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[246]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[246]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[245]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[245]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[243]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[243]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[242]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[242]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[240]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[240]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[223]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[223]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[221]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[221]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[207]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[207]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[206]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[206]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[205]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[205]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[204]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[204]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[199]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[199]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[198]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[198]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[197]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[197]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[196]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[196]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[195]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[195]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[194]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[194]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[193]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[193]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[192]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[192]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[191]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[191]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[190]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[190]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[189]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[189]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[188]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[188]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[187]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[187]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[186]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[186]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[185]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[185]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[184]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[184]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[183]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[183]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[182]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[182]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[179]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[179]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[178]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[178]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[175]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[175]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[174]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[174]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[173]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[173]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[172]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[172]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[171]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[171]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[170]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[170]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[169]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[169]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[168]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[168]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[167]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[167]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[166]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[166]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[165]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[165]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[164]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[164]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[163]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[163]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[162]                -         clk       out_hold  untested  no_paths
seq2_out[162]                -         clk       out_setup untested  no_paths
seq2_out[161]                -         clk       out_hold

                        -         -         min_pulse_width
                                                           untested  no_clock
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_37_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      recovery  untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_37_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      removal   untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_16__u_mult/stage3_reg_11_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_16__u_mult/stage3_reg_11_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_16__u_mult/stage3_reg_11_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_16__u_mult/stage3_reg_11_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_16__u_mult/stage3_reg_11_/SETB(low)
                             -         -         min_pulse_width
                                                           untested  no_clock
pipeline_chain_16__u_mult/stage3_reg_11_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      recovery  untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_16__u_mult/stage3_reg_11_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      removal   untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_36_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_36_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_36_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_36_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_36_/SETB(low)
                             -         -         min_pulse_width
                                                           untested  no_clock
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_36_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      recovery  untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_9__u_mult/stage3_reg_36_/SETB(rise)
                             CLK(rise) sclk      removal   untested  false_paths
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage3_reg_27_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage3_reg_27_/D
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage3_reg_27_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         hold      untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage3_reg_27_/SE
                             CLK(rise) -         setup     untested  constant_disabled
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage3_reg_27_/SETB(low)
                             -         -         min_pulse_width
                                                           untested  no_clock
pipeline_chain_7__u_mult/stage3_reg_27_/SETB(rise)





